#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==4.2.2
    # via great-expectations
anyio==3.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via uvicorn
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via great-expectations
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via great-expectations
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.97.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via torch
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
great-expectations==0.15.17
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.23.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via great-expectations
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pgmpy
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via great-expectations
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.6.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   pgmpy
    #   torch
notebook==6.5.4
    # via great-expectations
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pgmpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   pgmpy
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pgmpy==0.1.18
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.5.3
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   pgmpy
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.31.0
    # via great-expectations
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
ruamel-yaml==0.17.17
    # via great-expectations
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via pgmpy
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   great-expectations
    #   pgmpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via pgmpy
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via great-expectations
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==2.0.1
    # via pgmpy
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   pgmpy
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   great-expectations
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   starlette
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.0.1
    # via great-expectations
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
